operator: Add RBAC for Prometheus service discovery to Loki component metrics (OpenShift) (#5588)
grafana/loki: operator/CHANGELOG.md

## Main

> - [5588](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/5588) **periklis**: Fix prometheus scrape access to Loki component metrics

Reviewer: Should we update the name of this PR to reflect that this is more about the SD rather than the scrape?

```suggestion
- [5588](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/5588) **periklis**: Create role for Prometheus service discovery to Loki component metrics
```
